{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;\red241\green241\blue241;
\red21\green21\blue21;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10588\c10588\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c95686\c95686\c95686;
\cssrgb\c10588\c10588\c10588;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Thank you Mozilla for these great exercises!\
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps/Test_your_skills:_Math\
\
For the information I needed to finish these tasks, please see: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps/Math\

\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Math: Test 1 Instructions
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create four variables that contain numbers. Call the variables something sensible.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Add the first two variables together and store the result in another variable.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Subtract the fourth variable from the third and store the result in another variable.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Multiply the results from the last two steps together, storing the result in a variable called\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalResult
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 . The product should be 48. If it isn't, you'll have to adjust some of the initial input values.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Finally, write a calculation that checks whether\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalResult
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0is an even number. Store the result in a variable called\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 evenOddResult
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 .\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Math: Test 2 Instructions
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \
In the second task you are already provided with two calculations, with the results stored in the variables\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 result
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0and\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 result2
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 . But these results aren't what we want; you'll need to take the calculations and change them to give us what we want.\
What do we want? After multiplying the two results together and formatting the result to 2 decimal places, the final result should be 10.42.\
Try updating the live code below to recreate the finished example, following these steps:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write a calculation that multiplies\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 result
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0and\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 result2
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0together and assigns the result back to\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 result
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 . This will require assignment shorthand.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write a line of code that takes result and formats it to 2 decimal places, storing the result of this in a variable called\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalResult
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 .\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Check the data type of\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalResult
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0using\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 typeof
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 ; you'll probably see that it is actually of\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 string
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0type! Write a line of code that converts it to a\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 number
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0type, storing the result in a variable called\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalNumber
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 .\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The value of\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 finalNumber
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 \'a0needs to be\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 10.42
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 . Go back and update the original calculations you were provided with so that they give this final result. Don't update the numbers or the operators.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Math: Test 3 Instructions
\f0\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the final task for this article, we want you to write some tests. You've got three groups, each consisting of a statement and two variables. For each one, write a test that proves or disproves the statement made. Store the results of those tests in variables called\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 weightComparison
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 ,\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 heightComparison
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 , and\'a0
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cb4 pwdMatch
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 , respectively.\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}